                                 ao;3-?5{05 vol-2                                                 .~'®
                                               LAST WILL AND TESTAMENT                                My”: 2024
                                                                                                            Mm
                                                                                                                 2

                                                                  0F                               gm
                                                   LAURENE JANE TETER
                                                                                                                 .
                                                                                                                     -

                               I, LAURENE JANE TETER, ofTarrar'u County, Texas, make this my Last wm and
             Testament, and 1 revoke all Wills and Codicils previously made by me.


                                                             ARTICLE I.
                                                             Identication


                               A.      Husband. My husband's name is BYRON KEITH TETER. All references in
             this Will to "my husband" are to him.
                               B.      Children. I have two daughters, Julie Ann Elsey and Kristin June McCord.
             All references in this Will to "my daughters" are to them. In addition, all references in this Will to
             "my descendants" are to my daughters (as dened            above) and to all of their descendants.


                                                             ARTICLE II.
                                                             Snecic    Gifts


                               A.      First Snecic
                                                  Beguest. I give all my jewelry, watches and sporting goods
             equipment including golf clubs, hunting equipment, guns, shing equipment and the like to Davis
              Scott Elsey and Memphis Jae Elsey, my grandsons; provided ifDavis Scott Elsey and Memphis Jae
              Elsey fail to survive me, this gi   shall lapse.




                                                                 m
                                                             ARTICLE 111.


                        I give all of the residue of my estate to my husband if he survives me. Ifmy husband fails to

              survive me, I give all of the residue of my estate as follows:


                               A.      Julie Ann Elsey 1/3"] share;
                                                        -—




                               B.      Kristin June McCord — 1/3” share; and
                               C.      Lindsey Renee Goutreaux — 1/3“! share.




Copy from re:SearchTX
                     IfJulie Ann Elscy, Kristin June McCord or Lindsey Renee Gouu'caux fail to survive mc, then
             their individual 1/3"! portion of the residue shall be reapportioned to those alive at the time of my
             death.


                      If neither my wife nor any ofthose named in this section survive me, I give all oftheresidue
             of my estate to my heirs.

                                                         ARTICLE IV.
                                                       Contingent Trusts

                             A.       Anglicabilig. Any share ofmy estate that is to be distributed to a person who
             is under the age of 25 or who is incapacitated (referred to herein as the "Beneciary")    shall be held

             by my Trustee as a separate trust for the benet of such Beneciary;          provided, however, the
             provisions of this Article shall not apply to property distributed to my husband.
                              B.      Distributions. My Trustee shall distribute to the Beneciary      of each trust
             such amounts of the income and principal of such trust as my Trustee, in my Trustee's absolute and
             uncontrolled discretion, deems desirable from timc to time to provide for such Beneciary's        health,

             support, maintenance or education, directly and without thc interposition of any guardian.
                            C.    Termination. Each trust created by this Article for a Beneciary who is
             under age 25 shall terminate when such Beneciary          attains that age. Each trust created by this
             Article for a person who is incapacitated shall terminate when the Beneciary       of such trust, in the
             absolute and uncontrolled discretion ofmy Trustee, is no longer incapacitated. Upon the termination
             of a trust created by this Article, the remaining property of such trust shall be distributed to the
             Beneciary     ofsuch trust, but if a Beneciary   dies before the termination ofsuch Beneciary's    trust,
             then upon such Beneciary's      death the remaining property of such trust shall be distributed to such

             Beneciary's    estate.




Copy from re:SearchTX
                                                         ARTICLE V.
                                             Executor and Trustee Appointments


                             A.        Executor aud Trustee.    I appoint my husband, Byron Keith Teter, to be

             Independent Executor of my Will and estate and Trustee of all trusts created by my
                                                                                                    Will. If
                                                                                                         Byron
             Keith Teter fails to qualify, dies, resigns, becomes incapacitated, or otherwise ceases to serve, I
             appoint my daughter, Julie Ann Elsey, to be Independent Executrix of my
                                                                                               Will and estate and
             Trustee of all trusts created by my Will. If Julie Ann Elsey fails to qualify, dies, resigns, becomes
                                                                                             -
             incapacitated, or otherwise ceases to serve, I appoint American National Bank Flower Mound
                                                                                                               to be

             Independent Executor of my Will and estate and Trustee of all trusts created by my
                                                                                                     Will.
                             B.   Bond; Independent Administration. No bond or other security shall be
                                                                                                      in any
             required of my Executor or of my Trustee in anyjurisdiction. No action shall be required
             court in relation to the settlement of my estate other than the probating and recording ofmy Will and
             the return of an inventory, appraisement and list of claims of my estate.
                             C.        Expenses and Compensation.    Every Executor and Trustee shall be
             reimbursed for the reasonable costs and expenses incurred in connection with such Executor's or
             such Trustee's duties.      Every Executor and Trustee shall be entitled to fair and reasonable
                                                                                                                 the
             compensation for services rendered by such Executor or such Trustee in an amount not exceeding
                                                                                                          such
             customary and prevailing charges for services of a similar character at the time and place
              services are performed.
                                       Ancillagy Executors and Trustees. Ifmy estate or any trust created by this
                                   '
                             D.
              Will contains property located in another state or a foreign jurisdiction and my Executor or Trustee
              cannot or chooses not to serve under the laws thereof, my Executor or Trustee shall have the power
              to appoint an ancillary individual or corporate Executor or Trustee of such property.
                             E.        Multiple Executors and Trustees.        Unless another meaning is clearly
              indicated or required by context or circumstances, the term "Executor" or "Trustee" shall also mean
              and include all persons or entities who may at any time be serving and any Co-Executors, Co-
              Trustces, alternates, or successors. Except as otherwise specically provided in this Will, iftwo or
              more Executors or Trustees are named or serving hereunder and any one or more, but not all, decline,
              fail or cease to serve for any reason, then the remaining Executor or Trustee, or Co-Executors or Co-
              Trustces, as the case may be, shall be appointed or continue to serve in such capacity. In all matters
              relating to my estate or to any trust created by my Will, the decision of a majority ofthe Executors or
              Trustees then serving shall control. Any writing signed by the persons whose decision shall control
              shall be valid and effective for all purposes as if signed by all such Executors or Trustees.




Copy from re:SearchTX
                                                            ARTICLE VI.
                                                   Executor and Trustee Powers


                                Each Executor and Trustee shall act independently and free from the control of any
             court as to my estate and as to every trust established under this Will (and as to all ofthe property of
             my estate and all ofthe property of every trust created under this Will), and shall have and possess all
             powers and authorities conferred upon trustees by law may conict with the express provisions of
             this Will, in which case the express provisions ofthis Will shall control. ln addition to such powers
             and authorities, each Executor and Trustee shall have and possess the following powers and
             authorities (each of which shall be exercisable in the discretion of such Executor or Trustee) with
             respect to my estate and every trust established hereunder, and the following provisions shall apply to
             my estate and every trust established under this Will:


                                (l) To retain, in the discretion of my Executor or Trustee, any property
                    owned by me without regard to the duty to diversify investments under the law and
                    without liability for any depreciation or loss occasioned by such retention;

                               (2)      To exchange, sell or lease (including leases for terms exceeding the
                        duration ofall trusts created by this Will) for cash, property or credit, or to partition,
                        publicly or privately, at such prices, on such terms, times and conditions and by
                        instruments of such character and with such covenants as my Executor or Trustee
                        deems proper, all or any part of the properties of my estate or any trust, and no
                        vendce or lessee shall be required to look to the application ofany funds paid to my
                        Executor or Trustee;

                               (3)     To borrow money from any source (including any Executor or
                        Trustee) and to mortgage, pledge, or in any other manner encumber all or any part of
                        the properties of my estate or any trust as may be advisable in the judgment of my
                        Executor or Trustee for the advantageous administration of my estate or any trust;

                                (4)     To make, in the discretion ofmy Executor or Trustee, any distribution
                        required or permitted to be made to any beneciary under this Will, or under any
                        trust established by this Will, in any ofthe following ways when such beneciary is a
                        minor or is incapacitated: (i) to such beneciary directly; (ii) to the guardian of such
                        beneciary's person or estate; (iii) by utilizing the same, directly and without the
                        interposition of any guardian, for the health, support, maintenance, or education of
                        such beneciary; (iv) to a person or nancial institution serving as custodian for such
                        beneciary under a uniform gis to minors act or a uniform transfers to minors act of
                        any state; (v) by reimbursing the person who is actually taking care of such
                        beneciary (even though such person is not the legal guardian) for expenditures made
                        by such person for the benet of such beneciary; and (vi) by managing such
                                                                    4



Copy from re:SearchTX
                    distribution as a separate fund on the beneciary's behalf, subject to the beneciary's
                    continuing right to withdraw the distribution; and the written receipts of the persons
                    receiving such distributions shail be full and complete acquittances to my Executor or
                    Trustee;

                               (5)     To make divisions, partitions, or distributions in money or in kind, or
                                                                                                       all or
                    partly in each, whenever required or permitted to divide, partition, or distribute
                    any part ofmy estate or ofany trust; and, in making any such divisions, partitions, or
                    distributions, thejudgment of my Executor or Trustee in the selection and valuation
                    of the assets to be so divided, partitioned, or distributed shall be binding and
                    conclusive; and, further, my Executor shall be authorized to make distributions from
                        my estate on a non-pro rata basis;

                               (6)     To invest and reinvest the properties ofmy estate or ofany trust in any
                        kind of property whatsoever, real or personal (including oil, gas and other mineral
                        leases, royalties, overriding royalties and other interests), whether or not productive
                        of income and without regard to the proportion that such property or property of a
                        similar character held may bear to my entire estate or to the entire trust, and to make
                        loans to any beneciary of any trust with adequate security and at an adequate
                        interest rate; and


                                (7)      To enter into any transaction on behalf of my estate or of any trust
                        (including loans to beneciaries for adequate security and adequate interest) despite
                        the fact that another party to any such transaction may be (i) a trust of which any
                        Executor or Trustee under this Will is also a trustee, including any trust established
                        by this Will; (ii) an estate of which any Executor or Trustee under this Will is also
                                                                                                              an
                        executor, personal representative or administrator, including my estate; (iii) a
                        business or trust controlled by any Executor or Trustee under this Will or of which
                        any such Executor or Trustee, or any director, ofcer or employee of any such
                        corporate Executor or corporate Trustee is also a director, ofcer or employee; or (iv)
                        any beneficiary, Trustee, or Executor under this Will acting individually.




Copy from re:SearchTX
                                                          ARTICLE VII.


                             A.         Spendthrift Provisions. Each trust created by this Will shall bc a spendthri
             trust to the fullest extent allowed by law. Prior to the actual receipt ofproperty by any beneciary,
             no property (income or principal) distributable under this Will or under any trust created by this Will

             shall, voluntarily or involuntarily, be subject to anticipation or assignment by any beneciary, or to
             attachment by or to the interference or control of any creditor or assigncc ofany beneciary, or taken
             or reached by any legal or equitable process in satisfaction ofany debt or liability of any beneciary,
             and any attempted transfer or encumbrance of any interest in such property by any beneciary
             hereunder prior to distribution shall bc void.
                             B.         Accounting. Except as otherwise provided in this Section, all properties,
             books of account, and records of my estate and of each trust created by my Will shall be made
             available for inspection at all times during normal business hours by any beneciary       of my estate or
             such trust, or by any person designated by such beneciary.           Furthermore, except as otherwise
             provided in this Section, within 60 days of receiving a written request from a beneciary ofmy estate
             or of a trust created by my Will, my Trustee shall furnish an accounting to such beneciary.    Any
             such accounting shall comply with the requirements of the law and shall be deemed correct and

             binding one year aer receipt by the requesting beneficiary. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with
             regard to each beneciary of a trust who is under 25 years ofage, my Trustee shall be relieved of the
             duty to keep such beneciary reasonably informed concerning the administration of such trust and
             the material facts necessary for such beneciary to protect such beneciary's interest, and my Trustee
             shall have no duty to respond to a demand for an accounting.
                             C.         Survivorship Provisions. No person shall be deemed to have survived me if
             such person shall die within 30 days after my death; however, my Executor may make distributions
              from my estate within that period for the support ofmy husband and my daughters. Any person who
              is prohibited by law from inheriting property from me shall be treated as having failed to survive me.
                             D.      Wills Not Contractual. My husband and I are executing Wills at
              approximately the same time in which each of us may be a primary beneciary of the Will of the
              other. Our Wills are not executed because of any agreement between the two ofus. Either Will may
              be revoked at any time in the sole discretion of the maker thereof.
                             E.         Descendants. References to "descendant" or "descendants" mean lineal blood
              descendants of the rst,     second or any other degree of the ancestor designated; provided, however,
              such references shall include, with respect to any provision of this Will, descendants who have been
              conceived at any specic      point in time relevant to such provision and who thereafter survive birth;

                                                                   6




Copy from re:SearchTX
             and provided, thhcr,     an adopted child and such adopted child's lineal descendants by blood or

             adoption shall be considered under my Will as lineal blood descendants of the adopting parent or
             parents and of anyone who is by blood of adoption a lineal ancestor of the adopting parent or of
             either ofthe adopting parents.
                             F.       lncapacitated. A beneciary     shall be deemed "incapacitated" ifmy Executor
             or Trustee, in my Executor's or Trustee's absolute and uncontrolled discretion, determines that such

             beneciary   lacks the ability, due to a physical or mental condition, to manage his or her own
             personal and nancial affairs. My Executor or Trustee shall be deemed "incapacitated" ifand for as
             long as (i) a court of competent jurisdiction has made a nding to that effect, (ii) a guardian or
             conservator of such Executor's or Trustee's estate or person has been appointed by a court of
             competentjurisdiction and is serving as such, or (iii) two physicians (licensed to practice medicine in
             the state where my Executor or Trustee is domiciled at the time ofthe certication,   and one ofwhom

             shall be board certied   in the Specialty most closely associated with the cause of such Executor's or
             Trustee's incapacity) certify that due to a physical or mental condition my Executor or Trustee lacks
             the ability to manage his or her own personal and nancial affairs. An incapacitated Executor or
             Trustee shall be deemed to have regained capacity if there is a nding      to that effect by a court of

             competentjurisdiction or if two physicians (with the same qualications described above) certify that
             the Executor or Trustee is capable of managing his or her personal and nancial affairs.
                             G.               References to "heirs" are to those persons who would inherit separate

             personal property from the person designated under the statutes of descent and distribution
                                                                                                             of the
             State of Texas, if such person died intestate and single at such time.
                             H.     Governing Law. ’l‘he construction, validity and administration ofeach trust
             created under this Will shall be controlled by the laws of the State of Texas. My Trustee may

             designate the laws of anotherjurisdietion as the controlling law with respect to the administration of
             a particular trust if the primary beneciary   of such trust resides in such designated jurisdiction, in
              which ease the laws of such designated jurisdiction shall apply to such trust as ofthe date Specied
              in such designation. Any such designation shall be in writing and shall be delivered to each

              beneciary    of the affected trust.
                               l.      Per Stirpes. When a distribution is to be made to a person's descendants "per
              stirpes," property shall be divided into as many equal shares as there are (i) living children of such
              person, ifany, and (ii) deceased children who left descendants who survive such person. Each living
              child shall receive one share, and the share that would have passed to each deceased child shall be
              divided in a similar manner (by reapplying the preceding rule) among his or her descendants who
              survive such person. For example, ifa person has deceased children and surviving children when a
              distribution is to be made, the assets will be divided into equal shares at the child level and

                                                                 7




Copy from re:SearchTX
             distributed per stirpcs below that level; however, ifthe person has no surviving children at such time,
             that equal division will still be made at the child level and distributed pcr stirpes below that level.
             This denition     is intended to override any conicting    or contrary common law denition.


                                                        ARTICLE VIII.
                                                       No Contest Clause


                               Ifany beneciary  ofmy estate or of a trust created hereunder in any manner, directly
             or indirectly, contests the probate or validity ofthis Will or any of its provisions, or institutes orjoins
             in, except as a party defendant, any proceeding to contest the probate or validity of this Will or to
             prevent any provision hereoffrom being carried out in accordance with the terms hereof, whether or
             not such proceedings are instituted in good faith or with probable cause, then all benets provided
             for such beneciary     and such contesting beneciary's     descendants are revoked and shall pass as if
             that contesting beneciary     and such contesting beneficiary's descendants had failed to survive me.
             Each benet      conferred herein is made on the condition precedent that the beneciary     receiving such
             benet   shall accept and agree to all of the provisions of this Will or any trust created hereunder, and
             the provisions ofthis Article are an essential part ofeach and every benet.      My Executor or Trustee
             shall be reimbursed for the reasonable costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, incurred in
             connection with the defense ofany such contest. Such reimbursement shall be made from my estate
             if the contest involves my estate, or from the affected trust if the contest involves a trust.




Copy from re:SearchTX
                            IN TESTIMONY WHEREOF, and in the presence oftwo Witnesses, who are acting
             as witnesses at my request, in my presence and in the presence of each other, I hereunto sign my
             name, on the   [j day of       0V r}     /          _,   in the year 2010.




                                                                       E JANE TETEB/Tesratrix

                             The foregoing instrument was signed y the Testatrix in our presence and declared by
             her to be her Last Will and Testament, and we, the undersigned Witnesses, sign our names hereunto
             as witnesses at the request and in the presence of the Testatrix, and in the presence of each other, on
             the   (‘5’ day of    4051                    , in the year 2010.




                                                                      gure/Mint                          mv
                                                            50mm rt tattle Du 45m
                                                            City, State and Zip Code


                                                              0W (MW 8N
                                                            Witness Signature

                                                             3313
                                                                   Mfg/(Mira 5200
                                       ‘
                                                             Street Address

                                                             «lulu/tr ”UV/”d IX {75051;
                                                             City, State and Zip Code




Copy from re:SearchTX
                                                                      SELF-PROVING AFFIDAVIT

                THE STATE 0F TEXAS                                                 §
                                                                                   §
                COUNTY 0F BENTON                                                   §

                                               BEFORE ME, th undersigned authority, on this day personally appeared LAURENE
                JANE TETER,                         Wm»                My;
                and               [1mm              meme/(‘30 f1                                     , known to me to be the Tcstatrix and
                the Witnesses, respectively, whose names arc subscribed to the annexed or foregoing instrument in
                their respective capacities, and, all of such persons being by me duly sworn, the Testatrix declared to
                me and to the Witnesses in my presence that such instrument is her last will and testament, and that
                she had willingly made and executed it as her free act and deed; and the Witnesses, each on his or her
                oath stated to me, in the presence and hearing ofthe Testatrix, that the Testatrix had declared to them
                that such instrument is her last will and testament, and that she executed same as such and wanted
                each of them to sign it as a witness; and upon their oaths each Witness stated further that they did
                sign the same as witnesses in the presence of the Testatrix and at her request; that she was at that
                time 18 years ofage or over (or being under such age, was or had been lawfully married, or was then
                a member of the armed forces of the United States or of an auxiliary thereof or of the Maritime
                Service) and was of sound mind; and that each of the                was then at least I4 years of age.
                                                                                               Witnesses


                                                                                               Mme—WW
                                                                                       , UpNE JANE TWER, Testatrix

                                                                                        _7
                                                                                       Witness Signature

                                                                                        DWI/MI ’YVl‘LPlu/t 571/
                                                                                       Witness Signature

                                 SUBSC [BED AND SWORN TO before me by LAURENE JANE 'I‘ETER,
                  Testatrix, and by    Moe, Arr/ma
                  and nhmnnn, MOPMSon                              , Witnesses, on the If day of
                             M mu                            , in the year 2010.
                                 ”7



                                           TRACY JO JONES
               ’1'
            m um,




                                      Notary Public. State of Texas
                        ..   .         My Commission Expires
              y
               MI‘N'o»
                I \ s
                    o
                    "'I:n°i|\\“              Aprll Oi. 2014




                                                                                         10




Copy from re:SearchTX
